\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename alarm.info
@settitle alarm
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header


@dircategory General Commands
@direntry
* alarm: (alarm).                    Schedule an alarm for a program when starting it
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2015 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top alarm -- Schedule an alarm for a program when starting it
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title alarm
@subtitle Schedule an alarm for a program when starting it
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@page
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{alarm}.
* Invoking::                        Executing @command{alarm}.
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

Schedules an alarm to best triggered after a specified
duration. The process than exec:s into another command.

This means that the selected program will start as
normal but then be killed by @code{SIGALRM} after a
selected duration.

This program is useful when testing programs for a limited
duration. Especially when running in the background, or
there is a chance of it locking the computer.



@node Invoking
@chapter Invoking

The first argument shall be the duration before @code{SIGALRM}
is sent. The following arguments is the command just as
if you were not using this command.

The duration must be a non-negative integer, no larger
than 18h12m15s. Recognised patterns are:

@itemize @bullet
@item @code{SECONDS[s]}
@item @code{MINUTESm[SECONDSs]}
@item @code{HOURSh[MINUTESm][SECONDSs]}
@end itemize



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

